                           ** Assisting Players**
 
    Never under any circumstances assist a player with game related
matters. This includes but is not limited to giving directions to a  
particular room or npc, explaining how to use game specific commands, 
revealing information about npcs, areas, quests, weapons, game items, 
etc., or discussing the real or perceived benefits of a particular 
class, stat or weapon. Absolutely under no circumstances will you alter 
a player's stats, give them items, call functions on them, or otherwise 
do anything that will influence the natural course of events for a player. 
 
                              **Moving Players**    
 
    Never move a player, not to the square, not to your workroom, not
anywhere. The trans command is to be used only to move your testcharacter
but may be used to assist other creators if necessary. In the event that
a player finds himself in an exitless room, your first course of action
should be to determine if there is an arch available to assist the player.
If not, go to the player and verify that the room is genuinely not 
functioning. There will be instances when a character has simply become  
lost, or perhaps stuck in some form of trap, and would like to trick you 
into moving him to the square. If the room is broken, log a bug report
with the line 'no exits' in it. Then update the room. This will move you
and the player to the void adjacent to the square. Remember to log the 
bug BEFORE you update the room. 
 
                         **Dealing with Idiots**
    
    Occasionally you will be on-line when some sort of trouble starts. 
Some jerk will log on and spam the shout lines with profanity or ^G's, 
embark on a crusade of harassment against some particular player or 
players or go on a pking spree. Naturally you should look around for a 
law arch. If none are on you might try to get the attention of one of 
the other archs, but if they haven't already responded there is a good 
chance that you are pretty much on your own. What do you do? 
 
    Well ... nothing. We know how difficult this will be sometimes. As 
the mud expands it will presumably be possible one day to ensure that a 
law arch or assistant is on line at all times. But we can't really afford
to have all the creators acting as self-appointed deputies. Some of them
will do quite badly. Refrain from getting in verbal sparring matches on a 
public line, but advise the player of the illegality of his activities, 
and of course ask him to stop. It is extremely important that you mail 
law with the details of the incident. Include a log file if possible.
 
                          **Toys and Tools**
  
    Since permanence has been added to the game, it has become even more
important that you take special precautions to prevent items from being
introduced into the player's environment. Therefore never, under any 
circumstances, hand an item to a player or leave it about where it can 
be discovered. Get in the habit of destroying items when you are done 
testing them. Never let your testcharacter keep items when it logs out. 
It is possible that it will somehow end up in the player environment, in 
which case it can be robbed or killed and it's possessions taken. 
 
                           **Test Characters**
    
    You are permitted to have any number of test characters as required 
to test your code. Keep these to a minimum, please. All test characters
must have the word `test' inserted somewhere in the name. Make every
effort to keep your test character out of the player environment.
 
                           **Second Characters**
 
    You are permitted to have no more than 1 player character in the game
in addition to your creator character. You must mail a request to the Law 
department if you wish to exercise this option. Both characters must have
the same email address, and it must be valid. While playing your second 
character you are not permitted to divulge to other players or to 
personally make use of information that you may have accessed as a creator.
Your second character may in no way either directly or indirectly benefit
from your first character's creator status. For additional information
refer to the multiple_characters doc in the library.
    
    You must wait one hour after logging out the one character before 
logging in the other. Under no circumstances may you have both characters
on at once.
 
