		    Nightmare LPMud Technical FAQ
			   12 January 1996
		    Last Updated: 27 January 1996

Nightmare runs on a Sun SparcStation 5 CPU on a Cycle 5-70
motherboard.  The operating system is Sun Solaris 2.5.  This machine
has 8 memory slots, able to accept either 1 MB or 4 MB RAM SIMMs.  In
addition, there are 2 slots able to take 4, 16, or 32 MB SMMs.  This
allows for a maximum possible memory configuration of 128 MB.
Currently, 8 slots are filled with 4 MB chips, 8 with 1 MB chips, and
the 2 72 pin slots with 2 4 MB chips on loan to us from Winternet.
Nightmare has 1.2 GB and 250 MB hard drives.

The connection is via redundant T1 lines provided by Winternet, a
division of Starnet Communications.  It is through their generousity
that Nightmare has access to the internet, and we encourage residents
of the twin cities to become Winternet customers.

Backups are done on a weekly basis to the entire mud.

This machine was purchased through player donations and is also being
upgraded through donations by players of Nightmare, Discworld, and
people who use the resources of the Center for Imaginary Environments.
Current donations and expenditures look like this:

Total donations: $4250

Expenses:
	Original sparc 1 machine: $2500 (October 1993)
	1.2 GB hard drive: $615  (February 1995)
	16 MB RAM: $650 (May 1995)
	Cycle 5-70 Sparc 5 upgrade: $1995 (January 1996)
Total Expenses: $5760

We are currently in desperate need to get the RAM up to at least our
minimum goal of 64 MB.

We are thus constantly in need of donations to keep things running.
Donations run anywhere from $5 to $100.  If you enjoy playing
Nightmare and would like to donate to upgrading its performance and
maintaining its systems, please send your donation to:
	George Reese
	6700 W. Old Shakopee Rd. #226
	Bloomington, MN 55438
	USA

US residents should send checks or money orders.  Residents of other
countries are encouraged to send either bank checks in U.S. dollars or
cash in any hard currency.  Do not send checks in non-US dollars or
soft currencies, as they cannot be used here in the US.

Please make sure you state your mud name somewhere in the letter or on
the check so that you can get your name placed on the monument.